[doc] Run Python code (#4896)
ToolJet/ToolJet: docs/docs/data-sources/run-py.md

</div>

#### Example: Using Python code to trigger component specific actions

- Let's drag a **button** and a **text** widget onto the canvas. We will set a text on the text component and trigger button click event from the Python query.
- Click on the `+` on the query panel to create a query and select **Run JavaScript code** from the available datasources
- Let's write the code in **Python Editor** and save the query:

    ```python
    class Person:
      def __init__(self, name, age):
        self.name = name
        self.age = age
        
      def myfunc(self):
        return "Hello my name is " + self.name
        
    p1 = Person(tj_globals.currentUser.firstName, 36)
    
    components.text1.setText(p1.myfunc())
    components.button1.click()
    ```
- The code above has a function `myfunc` which returns a string and we using the component specific action to set the **text component**'s value from the Python query. We are also triggering the button click using `components.button1.click()`

:::tip
- ToolJet's global variables can be accessed using **tj_globals**. ex: `tj_globals.currentUser.firstName`

> - As of now, Run Python code only supports the internal packages only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As of now, Run Python code only supports the (Python standard library)[https://docs.python.org/3/library/] only.
```

> - As of now, Run Python code only supports the (Python standard library)[https://docs.python.org/3/library/] only.

Author: ```suggestion
- As of now, Run Python code only supports the [Python standard library](https://docs.python.org/3/library/) only.
```
